[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 superhero film Captain
America Civil War so let's get started
there are many films in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe that came before this
film and if you'd like to see their
summaries please check out the spoilers
and the cards above we also have an
in-depth discussion of the film that you
can check out as well the film opens in
1991 with brainwash soldier Bucky Barnes
aka the Winter Soldier being dispatched
by Hydra in a base in Siberia to
intercept a car carrying a case of Super
Soldier Serum and also killing the
vehicles occupants the film transitions
to present-day approximately one year
after defeating Ultron in sokovia the
Avengers are chasing after Brock rumlow
we stole a biological weapon from a lab
in Lagos after some chasing rumlow blows
himself up with a suicide vest and Wanda
tries to displace the blast and ends up
destroying a nearby building killing
several Wakanda and humanitarians the
Secretary of State informs the Avengers
that the UN is preparing to pass the
sokovia accords which ideally will make
the Avengers overseen by a UN panel The
Avengers are divided on the issue Tony
Stark feels that they do need some
oversight especially after he was
approached by a mother of a boy who was
killed an attack that the Avengers were
involved in Captain America however
feels that they will become puppets of
the government and the Avengers should
be acting under their own supervision
some Avengers attend the signing of the
Accords in Vienna which are bombed and
many are killed including the king of
Wakanda security footage reveals the
bomber to be Bucky Barnes and the
wakandan Prince T'Challa
vows to kill Bucky Captain America
discovers Bucky's location and tries to
bring him in as they are childhood
friends
T'Challa also known as the Black Panther
also tracks down Bucky and a massive
fight breaks out in Bucharest and
eventually Captain America Bucky and the
Black Panther are all arrested a man who
is later revealed to be Helmut Zemo
finds Bucky's old Hydra handler and
steals the phrase book that is used to
activate Bucky's brainwashing Zemo is
able to get into the
we're Barnes's hell and recites the
words to activate Bucky he then
questions Bucky to find the location of
the other brainwashed super soldiers
he sends Bucky on a rampage to try to
cover his tracks a fight breaks out and
eventually Bucky regains his senses
Bucky explains that Zemo was the real
bomber in Vienna and has disguised
himself as Bucky
however the Avengers don't get the
approval to track down Zemo so Falcon
Bucky and Captain America decide to
pursue him along with the help of Wanda
Hawkeye and ant-man Stark puts his own
team together to recapture Bucky and the
rogue Avengers with Starks team
consisting of Black Widow Black Panther
war machine vision and spider-man a big
fight breaks out at an airport and
eventually Bucky and Captain America are
able to escape the others are captured
and sent to jail except Black Widow and
war machine as paralysed Stark finds
evidence however that Zima was behind
the bombings and travels to where Bucky
and Captain America are heading they all
three arrived where the super soldiers
have been in stasis and discovers that
Zemo has shot and killed them all it is
revealed that zimos entire family was
killed in sokovia during the events of
the second Avengers movie and he has
been plotting to pit all the Avengers
against one another so they would
destroy each other
this is when Zemo reveals that back in
1991 when Bucky killed the two people to
get the super-soldier formula that the
two people he killed were Starks parents
the enraged stark attacks both Bucky and
Captain America and a big fight breaks
out Bucky loses his arm and Starks armor
is disabled Captain America having
defeated start leaves with the injured
Bucky leaving his shield behind Zemo
satisfied that he broke the Avengers
apart attempt suicide but is stopped by
Black Panther as the film begins to wrap
up Stark has shown helping more machine
with an exoskeletal leg brace that
allows him to walk again
Captain America breaks the captive
Avengers out of jail during a mid credit
scene we see Black Panther has forgiven
Bucky and gives him asylum and puts him
into cryostasis until they can reverse
his brainwashing in a post-credits scene
we see spider-man testing out a new
gadget from Stark with the phrase
spider-man will return on screen
so that was the spoilers for Captain
America Civil War if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching